Update for UseAspNetCoreUrls changes (#436)
SteeltoeOSS/Documentation: docs/docs/v4/discovery/hashicorp-consul.md

| `UseNetworkInterfaces` | Query the operating system for network interfaces to determine `HostName` and `IPAddress` | `false` |
| `PreferIPAddress` | Register the running app with IP address instead of hostname | `false` |
| `Port` | Port number with which to register the running app | |

> | `UseAspNetCoreUrls` | Use ASP.NET Core listen addresses for service registration [^3] | `true` |

Reviewer: The original text is much clearer because it clarifies that the source is used _to determine the port number_ (while its hostname is unused). The new text only states what source is used, without explaining _what it's used for_. It doesn't even match the doc comment; this looks hallucinated.

Author: OK, I'll make it closer to the original. The vague version would make it more likely somebody will follow the footnote link where we have more info than fits in the table

[^2]: This setting only affects operation when `RegisterHealthCheck` is `true` and `Heartbeat:Enabled` is `false`

> [^3]: Has no effect when `Port`, `Scheme`, or `UseNetworkInterfaces` already determine registration. Set to `false` to disable listen-address probing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^3]: ASP.NET Core listen addresses are ignored when `Port` or `Scheme` is configured, or when `UseNetworkInterfaces` is set to `true`.
```
This is just vague. How do these three "determine registration"?

Author: This was intended to be concise and a bit hand-wavy to avoid getting into implementation detail. It's longer now

> When `UseAspNetCoreUrls` is `true` (the default), `Port` and `Scheme` follow ASP.NET listen addresses [^3].

Reviewer: What a complicated linking mess. I'm not going to review this PR any further. Just spend a few minutes implementing this PR, as a human, and checking what it looks like. Instead of delegating to AI, which results in another 5x of back-and-forth and takes a whole week.

Author: - markdig doesn't care what the identifiers are, so us using numbers in the first place implies ordering that wasn't ever how it worked (now there are no more numbers in the footnote links for these docs)
- While the footnotes are immediately after the table in the markdown, they are never rendered there... it does look a bit weird as a result, but I put the "When `UseAspNetCoreUrls`..." content in this location to follow what was on the Eureka page before, and it was appropriate to link to the footnote for that as well.
